hey people and welcome to a new
minecraft mod video today anger me
looking at the fireworks mods and it's a
simple mod there's one recipe one block
so this is the recipe iron ingots in a
you redstone torch in the middle and I'm
going to go make one just searing as
just a sec gets my crafting bench here
we go iron ingots in a u-shape redstone
torch in the middle we got our fireworks
launcher block and you can place it
anywhere you want and this can be
activated by a redstone ore i right
click on it so let's try right clicking
first boom and these launcher wide
variety of fireworks it's random which
by website launch and it's pretty loud
yeah so I have done a little red stone
here I'm not very good at redstone but
just show you that you can use redstone
to launch fireworks and you can sub you
in little firework displays so just here
now we'll go ready to go and here we go
so there we have it redstone and
right-clicking gives you fireworks you
can also create your own fireworks it
tells you in the form Fred how to do
this and I've not tried it because I
don't want to mess up the mod but read
the forum thread in link in the
description and yeah you can create your
own firework to go with this mod so
that's pretty much it for this it's just
a simple mugs and a boy is pretty cool
so remember to Like comment subscribe
and I'll be back with a new video very
shortly yeah that's pretty much it
goodbye see you next time